who's our special guest this week on the
Davis miss Warwick Davis again no get
anyone else Warwick Davis again well I
tried to book Kenny Baker but he's
rushed off his feet
or he's dead I'm not sure which he might
be dead should we check his Wikipedia do
we work Davis so where is he he's still
alive and he's 75 years old who is this
can you believe is Kenny Baker he was
the man inside of r2d2 in the popular
Star Wars franchise at the only guests
we have on this show dwarves well I'm
trying to get bridget the midget as well
but technically she is a midget not a
dwarf yeah okay well Warwick Davis you
do this now or I thought useful washing
up Warrick's doing it okay he's doing it
he's made to start okay it's good no no
not that does why are you using dads
you're supposed to used fairy liquid
it's washing up liquid not washing
powder in the sink what are you doing
Warwick stop doing Yeah right sorry he's
not okay yeah yeah he's not actually up
here at the moment he's downstairs do
the washing up must be quite tricky for
him because he's got you know stubby
fingers yeah you should ask him ask you
if it's okay or something I mean does he
need a little stepladder to reach the
tap or anything down all right Warwick
how's it coming along
he says he says it's coming along
alright I could hear him from downstairs
alright zero no sir a lot of washing I
mean how long we gonna be waiting before
we could just could join us on the show
Warrick how long do you think it's going
to take he says maybe another half an
hour right well until until that time I
guess we'll have to fill well he might
be able to be back before the end of the
podcast so that he can give us a few you
know parting words I mean what you could
do is you could think of some good
questions to ask him because the problem
with the last time we interviewed him is
uh you couldn't really think of anything
who asked him oh yeah I've not written
any proper questions out I mean I didn't
expect you have you back so soon I mean
I know I thought you'd be prepared after
the last time what the hell Lewis you've
had a whole like week in a bit to
prepare and you're still not ready I
totally realized we'd have your back on
the show nothing weekly he's gonna be on
everybody guess we don't secure any
others at all no it's just Warwick
it's just Warwick I mean he's quite you
know he's free at the moment since he
escaped from the little cage they had
him in well maybe your nuts come right
in and let us know hang on a sec
lewistown oh shit I think I think
Warwick is in trouble
what's worried what's wrong what's wrong
you're not getting up to go and help him
oh my god I think he fell into the sea
but we're doing we were recording a
young pond here I can't I don't want to
just leave well if I think of something
funny say I want to be here write it
down the pen oh my god is he gone he
completely disappeared god I don't know
I still haven't got two legs just stick
it out after all this like you're gonna
go you're gonna be thinking in your head
that the washing ups done you know and
you're never down there you could be
like oh shit the sinks blocked I don't
think a bottle I don't think a bottle of
mr. muscle sinking Traynham